♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Provincial Judicial Expertise Center)
Do you miss me?
Of course I do.
What brings you here?
Come over here.
Come.
I think you should have a rest.
We're getting married.
But you've been buried in work these days.
Aren't you the same?
You write novels through the night.
It's not the same thing.
I thought your dad suggested
we shouldn't see each other three days
before our wedding.
OK, I'm leaving.
What are you doing?
Get up. You're so heavy.
Nope.
I need to ask you something important.
What is it?
Did you find your best man?
Look at me. Look at me.
Your mom is pushing me on it
Just tell me.
Can you find anyone else besides Xie Yixing?
Hey, you...
I'm so sleepy.
So you really can't find anyone else?
I just knew it.
This is the part
where I show you
how resourceful I am.
Who should I contact?
Cai Yasi.
Good day, Mr. Cai.
Good day.
What's up?
It's me, Zhao Fanzhou.
I can see you.
We're getting married.
We want you to be the best man.
OK.
How come you promised without hesitation?
It's like you don't have
anything better to do.
How come you asked me to be your best man?
It's like you don't have any friends.
At least I have a girlfriend.
Well, that's because
love is complicated for me.
It takes time to sort it out.
Alright.
Thank you in advance. Bye!
Bye!
Good day, Mr. Cai.
What are you doing?
I'm sleeping.
You're gonna sleep alone.
I'm going back home.
My dad is looking for me.
I don't care.
We are gathered here today
on this joyous occasion.
Ladies and gentlemen,
here comes the bride!
It's your
wedding day
and you chose to put two skeletons
at the entrance.
Your mom and mother-in-law
just let you.
Don't you think it's absurd?
It's my wedding day.
Is it proper for you to scold me
while we're walking down the aisle?
Is it proper for you
to talk back at this moment?
I can't believe you're scolding me
even on this occasion.
I'm so happy that you get married.
That's a big relief for me.
Well, don't regret
if I never come back to visit you.
Don't make me kick your ass.
Lijuan,
I'm so lucky
to have Zhou Xiao
as my daughter-in-law.
You did a good job raising her.
It's nice of you to say it.
Your son is very brilliant, too.
Well,
I've never seen him so handsome.
He always looks handsome.
The bride is standing there.
Now, the bridegroom
is walking to his beautiful bride.
Dad,
if you keep doing this,
I'll call off the wedding
and go back with you.
Mr. Zhou.
What did you call me?
Dad.
Oh my god, look, look.
My husband is about to cry.
It's only natural that a father
has complicated feelings
at his daughter's wedding.
Just so you know, I'm good at martial arts.
Point taken, dad.
I'll take good care of Zhou Xiao.
Come back home whenever you want.
Call and tell us
whatever dishes you want to have.
You have my blessing.
♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
♪With you by my side,
cold winter will turn warm.♪
♪I want to hold you in my arms
and soothe your anxiety.♪
♪How am I not used to your absence?♪
♪I felt a bit excited when I fell for you.♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
Girls, I'm gonna throw the bouquet.
One!
Two!
Three!
Alright, alright.
One!
Two!
Three!
Zhou Xiao.
Fanzhou,
your wife is so mischievous!
I'm not gonna grab it.
Wei.
Wei, you'll get married next.
But I don't want it.
Do you want it?
No, no, no.
I'll leave it to someone who needs it.
Destiny never gives people what they want,
just like fat meat never knocks
on the door of the skinny ones.
Did Tao Ling find a job in her hometown?
Is she single?
Zhou Xiao said
she returned to her hometown
where she found a job
and got promoted.
And if she is single...
Why do you ask about it?
It's just to show concern.
I've been single all this time.
No one has expressed concern to me.
That's not cool.
You guys know that I need the bouquet
to pop the question.
You deserve it!
She accepted your proposal
right after graduation.
It's been two years
and you're still not married.
I don't think it's gonna happen.
I'll marry you.
It's only that I'm not sure
about the timing yet.
Give me some time to think about it.
Lu,
take it.
I don't want it.
Don't throw my bouquet like that.
Give it to me.
Wow, so much money.
I'm back.
What took you so long?
I thought you were
driving my parents home.
I had some shots with dad.
Some shots?
Yes.
Come over here. Don't move.
What's up?
How much did you drink?
Not so much.
I'm taking a shower.
Store the red packets.
OK.
Not so much.
And one more thing.
Call my parents.
They were looking for you.
OK.
Tell them that you are back.
Yes.
Dad.
He's drunk again.
I agree about
everything you said.
But,
you're not perfect as well.
Tell me about it.
First of all,
your sleeping position is really bad.
Zhao Fanzhou.
What are you talking about?
Son,
I give you credit
for your keen observation.
Thanks, mom.
But I want to tell you,
please don't
spank my wife anymore.
Let's try to work things out.
Violence is not a solution.
Do you think you can get rid of it?
I didn't spank her. I was bluffing.
And dad,
from now on,
when Zhou Xiao
is sleeping,
please don't force her to get up.
Let her get some sleep.
It's very tiring to write a novel.
Well, I...
Alright, alright.
I'm so sorry.
I've never seen him
so drunk.
It's alright.
That's right. It's a happy occasion.
He never touches wine.
Dad,
if you want mom back,
just be straight about it.
Don't
be shy.
It's not like me at all.
Son,
let's talk about it another time.
You're drunk. Go to bed early.
Where is Zhou Xiao?
Put her on the phone.
What's up?
Nope.
Why?
Because
she is mine.
What?
He hung it up.
This kid...
Well.
That's right. We're all tired.
Have more drink.
I'm good.
He's good.
Let's call it a day.
Everyone is exhausted.
Have a good rest.
We'll enjoy the wine tomorrow.
OK.
Have a good rest.
We will.
This way. Go upstairs.
Zhao Fanzhou.
I'm here.
You're drunk.
I order you to go to bed right now.
Nope.
I don't want to sleep.
Why?
You're so drunk.
Drunk.
Because,
because
I'm hungry.
But it's middle of the night.
We don't have any food in the house.
Have some peanuts and jujube.
That's the only thing
we get tonight.
They are special food.
They have a special meaning.
I know. It's about good luck
in having a baby.
What are you doing?
To
have
a baby.
Zhao Fanzhou!
Darling, don't move.
Zhao Fanzhou,
you're on my hair!
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪Why am I destined to meet you?♪
♪I'm feeling worried while surprised.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪every beat of my heart
is confessing my love for you.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪I can share all my secrets
with you unreservedly.♪
♪Wherever you will be in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and protect you until the end.♪
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪Why am I destined to meet you?♪
♪I'm feeling worried while surprised.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪every beat of my heart
is confessing my love for you.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪I can share all my secrets
with you unreservedly.♪
♪Wherever you will be in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and protect you until the end.♪
(Thanks for your support and accompany. )
(May you spend your youth in the company
of your beloved ones and good friends.)
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪